Add a description of what the repo is to README (#9)
leerob/react2025: README.md

# React 2025

> React 2025 is a course that will show the journey from zero lines of code to production for a real SaaS app called Fast Feedback. This repo holds the source code of the course's landing page and docs site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React 2025 is a course showing the journey from zero lines of code to production for a real SaaS app called [Fast Feedback](https://github.com/leerob/fastfeedback). This repo holds the source code of the course's landing page and docs site.
```
